The American Production
Inventory Control Society,
APICS, was founded in 1957 for the purpose of building
and validating knowledge in supply chain
and operations management.
Today APICS is an international organization
for professional certification with over 40,000 members
that provides training and educational opportunities
in the form of professional certifications,
professional courses, workshops, and resource materials
for supply chain management professionals.
One of the certifications offered by APICS is the CSCP,
or Certified Supply Chain Professional.
The certification is often required by employers
for key personnel in charge of managing the production
and distribution of their products.
Whether you're just starting out
or you're a senior manufacturing expert,
APICS CPIM education, or certified in production
and inventory management
is essential if you are involved in production
and inventory management, operations,
supply chain management, procurement, materials management,
or purchasing.